# config-lsp for VS Code

`config-lsp` provides language support for various config files.
Currently it supports completions, diagnostics, hints, formatting, hover information,
and definition requests.

Install this extension and load your config files in VS Code to get started.

_config-lsp_ adds the new languages directly to VS Code, so you can use the built-in language selector
at the bottom right of the window to switch between different config files.

**Please note that this extension is still in beta. There are still bugs and missing features.**
I'm working on this as a hobby project in my free time, so I can't provide you with a timeline 
as to when a stable version will be released.

### Telemetry

Starting with version `0.3.0`, config-lsp collects usage telemetry to improve the project by default. The VS Code extension also collects telemetry by default, unless the built-in telemetry setting is changed to either errors-only or disabled.

#### What telemetry is collected?

Data is sent to my self-hosted Sentry instance. 30 days retention, no personal data, not shared with third parties.

We do not collect any personal data. We also do not collect the contents of your config files. We may collect the following data (but not limited to):
* Version of config-lsp
* The operating system
* CLI arguments used to start config-lsp
* Detected language of the config file
* The path to the file
* Logs generated by config-lsp
* Errorrs produced by config-lsp
* Used editor (if available)

We would be really happy if you would _not_ disable telemetry, as this helps me improve the project, add new features, and fix bugs faster. No data is shared with third parties, and I do not use the data to track you personally. The data is only used to improve config-lsp.

